Add bot protection docs for assistant (#5264)
mintlify/docs: ai/assistant.mdx

  <img src="/images/assistant/search-suggestions-dark.png" alt="The search suggestions panel in the dashboard with contextual starter questions enabled." className="hidden dark:block" />
</Frame>

### Bot protection

In the Bot Protection section, enable invisible captcha to protect your assistant from automated abuse. The captcha uses [hCaptcha](https://www.hcaptcha.com/privacy), which is privacy-friendly and invisible to nearly all visitors.

To enable bot protection:

1. Go to the [Assistant settings](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/assistant/settings) page in your dashboard.
2. In the **Bot Protection** section, toggle **Invisible Captcha** on.

Changes take up to 10 minutes to propagate.

<Note>

>   If you use custom [Content Security Policy headers](/deploy/csp-configuration), make sure `hcaptcha.com` and `*.hcaptcha.com` are included in your allowlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Bot Protection section, enable invisible captcha to protect your assistant from automated abuse. The bot protection is privacy-friendly and invisible to nearly all visitors.

To enable bot protection:

1. Go to the [Assistant settings](https://dashboard.mintlify.com/products/assistant/settings) page in your dashboard.
2. In the **Bot Protection** section, toggle **Invisible Captcha** on.

Changes take up to 10 minutes to propagate.

<Note>
  If you use custom [Content Security Policy headers](/deploy/csp-configuration), you must include `hcaptcha.com` and `*.hcaptcha.com` in your allowlist.
```
